-Nice to meet you! I'm Michelle Renee.

-Based in the United States, I'm a client-side UI developer with experience in UX design, SEO, Content writing and Copywriting.

-Welcome to my Portfolio, which I am currently building.

-About Projects Blog

-HTML CSS SCSS JavaScript UX

-Contact

-Certifications

-Connect - LinkedIn GitHub CodePen

-spot for testimonials

-Reviews and Recommendations for Michelle Renee Bloodworth

From client Kay Hurst:
“I have been working with Michelle Bloodworth for almost a year now. She has built my
personal business website from scratch as I have no experience in building websites. Michelle
took the time to research to get me the best value. She continuously makes herself available
for conference calls and always wants my feedback. She challenges me creatively but also
brings her unique creativity to the table. She cares deeply about the success of my business
and has worked tirelessly on creating my page. She stays on top of it and suggests necessary
changes. Michelle does not see my website as a project to finish but a project to keep
improving and evolving, as my business evolves. Michelle is passionate about building websites
and she educates herself on an ongoing basis to stay on top of current trends. Not only a
fantastic web designer but a delight to talk to and work with and will always leave me laughing
and smiling with her humor.
I highly recommend Michelle as a web designer, and she is always the first person I reference.”
Katy Hurst
Owner Garageworx Personal Training
Garageworx21.com

From client Amanda K. Wolfe:
“I've known Michelle for a number of years, but have been particularly blown away by her ability to pick up WebDev skills in an extremely short amount of time - more so than anyone I've ever known or worked with (and that's saying a lot since I used to work in the field). After hiring her recently for a website project that was beyond my scope of ability, I can confidently say that she brings not only technical proficiency to a project, but also creativity, passion, and outstanding communication skills. She is not one to plateau in her technical knowledge, as she keeps up with changing trends in the web and mobile experience because she is genuinely excited about it. If there is a way to make your vision work, she WILL find it!
I have recently called upon her services again in designing both my personal portfolio and redesigning my personal blog.

Her exceptionally agile mind will produce solutions you hadn't even considered, and make you confident that your project is in very good hands. I cannot recommend Michelle more highly as your designer and/or developer. She has saved me at least 30 hours of work.”
Amanda K. Wolfe
Amandakwolfe.com
Amanda Wolfe on LinkedIn

From client Janese Maricelli:
"Michelle is diligent, intelligent, and quick with turnaround. She was able to take the information given and articulately expand upon it with great detail. She delivered results fast ahead of schedule. MUCH APPRECIATED!"
Janese Maricelli
CEO/Owner JanMar Agency janmaragency.com